BOOTS
Every man should own at least 9 pairs of boots. Not because we 
currently stock 9 different pairs, that’s just a pure coincidence.
 Moving on...what can a boot give you that a brogue can’t? 
 Well for starters, you don’t have to plan what socks you’re going to wear. 
 Conceal those novelty Budweiser socks you got off your Aunt Doris under a pair of Pendletons. 
 Or, if you live life at a thousand paces and don’t
 have time for laces, 
 then the Hurstwoods will slip on faster than you can say Chelsea boots.
 
 DERBY SHOES
Did you know that 84.5% of men (thereabouts) 
own a pair of Derby shoes without actually realising it? 
That’s because not a lot of people understand what constitutes a Derby shoe. 
Unlike Brogues or Oxfords, the Derby shoe basically
 features an open lacing section that isn’t sewn together at the bottom. 
 Instead the shoelace eyelets are sewn at the top of the vamp.
 See our Langhos or Gisburns for strong examples of this.
Now that you know, why not join the elite 16% of men who own a pair of Derby shoes AND 
are fully aware of it?

LOAFER SHOES
A symbol of elegant leisure since the 1930s, the Loafer is a shoe that
 you can waft around in without a care in the world. 
 It’s an urban myth that they’re named after a loaf of bread,
 so don’t you believe it for a second. 
 The Loafer is a slip-on that combines ease with style, 
 showing people that you don’t compromise on either. 
 Whether you’re reading your broadsheet in a wingback chair, 
 or smoking a pipe by the pool, putting your feet inside a
 pair of Mittons is a right of passage for many.
 
 MONK STRAP SHOES
They’re clever people those monks. When they needed more protection than a sandal, 
they invented a boot without laces, using a strap with buckles instead. 
This made them easier to remove – you know, because even monks want an easy life sometimes.
 Anyway, this stroke of genius lead to the Monk Straps being born, 
 and we couldn’t be happier about that. The buckles offer beautiful detail to any formal outfit,
 yet the versatility of them allows you to pair them with chinos or jeans too.
Not that they need it, but god bless monks.
If you think you’ve got what it takes, join the loafer club today…  

SUEDE OXFORD SHOES
The very first pair of Oxford shoes originated at Oxford University back in the day. 
Their traditional closed-lacing design makes for a rather formal shoe, 
meaning they’re a popular choice amongst lawyers, bankers, spies and undercover superheroes.
 Wearing a pair of Oxford shoes is as good as going to the university anyway,
 as it shows that you’ve got a First-class honours in style and taste.
 
 ALL SHOES
If you’re the kind of bloke that likes to view the entire collection before casting your vote, 
look no further.
 Below is an inventory of our current livestock, 
 all awaiting new owners. If you’re still undecided on whether your jeans and 
 shirt combo need Monks or Brogues, Oxfords or Loafers,
 you can view the lot of them side-by-side below.
DISCLAIMER: we cannot hold any responsibility for your
compulsive nature and painful yearning to buy every pair in sight.

If that doesn’t sell them to you, we don’t know what will.